okay I haven't been teaching at the
school very long but one of the other
schools I previously filled out where my
children go to school did young boy
sister when I started teaching music it
sucks but so and SATA fire I thought it
would be a nice thing for them to join
in since our first year we're a very
very new choir we've got some very young
members directly only in year one I
think you're going to be the youngest
here we've got absolutely great fun
rehearsing of the songs and even more
fun rehearsing all the guard says subway
and the big yes we're very very very
excited about today and looking forward
to joining in okay we thank you to our
teacher
call the primary school came to young
voices quiet for the first time last
year we had such an amazing time that we
thought would be a second book that so
we've been rehearsing really hard and
once a week at school the children look
like really hard they're very excited
and we know we're going to have the
amazing time last night I couldn't get
to sleep because I'm so excited to have
butterflies in my tummy oh hello so my
name is karen minton I'm the music
teacher at foresters primary and I've
been at the school 25 years now and I've
done your voice in three times this is
my third time now young voices and it's
just a fantastic experience just so
lovely for the children just to all come
together they get really really excited
about it
I'm really excited curb fits a good
opportunity for lots of schools to come
and visit the o2 in sync okay hello
we're from West Sussex and from Rudwick
pen for school we've got 63 children his
day we've been practicing for quite a
while now and we're very very exciting
and really looking forward to it hello
my name is David Milligan I'm head
teacher of tools for school it's a small
village on the mold on black one 36 it's
our first time in voices we've got 29
members of our school choir they've been
practicing for a couple of months now Oh
Year 16th year she's been leading the
choir and the girls in the quiet are so
excited about it being counting down the
days and they've practiced so hard it's
really brought them together as a group
and every looking forward to the event
when I type two young boys
I
the dance moves
I'm excited because life is
other children and us it's like so
amazin
to go in mainframe is the clergy that
we've come so loose in there too we're
absolutely loving the children have the
opportunity they love performing where
they were going through lots of
differences they like reporting in
assembly and they can walk to their
parents once they get back from the
constant stream of commissioning
achievement to the concert for two years
running